The elevator’s metal doors opened to let in a cold wave of fresh air along with wafts of lavender. This breeze was accompanied by a frail old man. The man seemed to be in his early 60’s, his button-down shirt rolled carelessly at the elbows was neatly tucked in with the collar crisp and standing tall. Oddly enough, his trousers were dusty and moth eaten, it almost felt as though he had to rush out of his own place. His acorn brown eyes gleamed of excitement as he restlessly tapped his cane against the unyielding metal floor. Elias waved at the old man but the stranger couldn’t have cared less. This sent Elias back to his re-reading of the latest draft of his crime-thriller ‘Anxiety has friends’. He had stayed up several late nights working on his characters and laying down a solid foundation for his book. His friends pushed him to show it to a couple of publishers in town but his insecurities always got the better of him.

    The cables tightened as the elevator paused at the 13th floor, a graceful young woman made her way into the metal box. The red streaks in her hair complemented the tattoo of a butterfly on her neck that she neatly managed to conceal with her auburn colored scarf. Her ankle-length black dress was skintight with her heels high. She turned to Elias and a broad smile took over her face as her jet-black eyes sparkled in the bright LED lights of the elevator. Elias turned her way and smiled back, she moved closer to him with her heels clicking with every step. 

“Elias, Do you know who that prehistoric looking man is?”, enquired April in a hushed whisper to make sure that the old man would not be able to eavesdrop on their little discussion.

“Who cares? He will be turning into a fossil soon enough.”, chuckled Elias trying hard to suppress his laughter. April glared back at him, utterly unimpressed by Elias’ sense of humour.  

“No wonder you chose Crime-Thriller as the genre for your book.”, shot back April. Before Elias could retort, the elevator halted again and the doors opened. A young boy stepped in, he wore a sling bag on top of half sleeve teal shirt and khaki shorts. He stationed himself next to the old man and adjusted his peach bow tie before he began to scroll through his instagram feed.

“Isn’t that the gay Mullens kid?”, questioned April, intrigued at the prospect of new gossip. Elias shot a discerning glance at April and whispered “Umm, yes, he has a name and it’s Troye. He comes by the bookstore frequently. Not much of a talker though. Apparently his parents are still in the dark about the fact of his rainbow-unicorn-ness.”

Before April could reply to Elias’ remark, the elevator screeched and came to an unexpected halt. The lights immediately went out leaving the entire place in darkness. Before Elias could look for the emergency light switch, Troye wailed in fear dropping his phone on the metal floor. He crouched down on the floor, frantically trying to look for his it when a voice filled with relief broke out, “Uhh, there it is”, a different set of lights switched on filling the metal box in a yellow hue. 

The momentary horror left everyone in utter disbelief. A dagger was jammed in the old man’s throat. The cut was precise and neat, it seemed to be made by someone experienced, someone who had planned this charade well in advance keeping track of the multiple complex variables that they’d encounter when they’d have to commit a murder out in the open, in front of audience. The old man quickly sank to the ground leaving a pool of blood for the rest to stew in.

Elias looked around in the metal box trying to read everyone’s reactions. April had buried her face in her face unable to lock eyes with such a monstrosity, Troye’s face was pale, it looked like he was about to throw up at any moment. The air had a touch of fear associated with it now that the fact that one of trio had to be the murderer started to sink in. It was against Elias’ morals to judge a fellow being, much rather suspect someone to be capable of murder. But now that he was backed into a corner, figuratively and literally, he had to think quick or else he could be the next target. 

“It has to be you, you little freak. I always knew something was wrong with you the minute you stepped into this elevator.” exclaimed April as she pointed towards Troye, her actions reminded Elias much of a wild animal with it’s back against the wall, she was springing at the poor kid for something he couldn’t have possibly done. The little boy who looked like he couldn’t even hurt a fly stood perplexed like a deer in headlights. “Come now April, let's not point fingers just yet. You can’t be sure of anything.”, replied Elias, placing his hands on her shoulders, trying to buy some time for Troye to drag himself out of the shock of the atrocity.

“Get your filthy hands off of me, for all I know, you could have murdered the poor old man.”, accused April as she shrugged her shoulders pushing Elias’ hands away. 

“It has got to be you Elias, you seem way too calm and composed for a murder setting. You even look like you’ve got the physical strength to do something of this nature.” shrieked Troye, as he shakily tried to make sense of the events occurring in front of him.

“Come to think of it, shorty here has a point, you haven’t even batted an eye from when the incident took place.”, agreed April as she bandwagoned on to Troye’s statement. An awed Elias tried to find the right words but it felt like he had forgotten how to speak. Beads of sweat began to trickle down his forehead as nervousness filled his entire system.

The cables whirred in to motion and the elevator jerked back to life. The bright white light from the LED bulbs filled the elevator once again. An eerie silence filled the area as the elevator quickly made its way to the seventh floor, the floor where Elias resided. The metal doors flung open, Elias’ mind cleared up, the knots caused by the tension began to loosen up. He began walking towards the exit when he felt two hands on both of his shoulders. To his own complete stupefaction, it was April on one side and Troye on the other. The dagger that was jimmied into the old man was no more stuck to his neck, it was just about a centimetre away from his own. They pulled him back into the elevator chanting in unison, “Not so soon, darling.”

